---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Header 1
datePublished: '2016-01-19T18:32:32.921Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-19T18:32:01.061Z'
title: Production/Mixing
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-21-ac6d18dc-81c1-4d0d-955f-f57378c1e180.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: ac6d18dc-81c1-4d0d-955f-f57378c1e180/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
PRODUCTION

Since his time studying music in university and in studios with his various bands, Daniel became increasingly curious about all the knobs, meters, faders, and flashing lights abound in the studios he was lucky enough to find himself in. At a certain point, about five years ago, he decided to undertake learning as much as he can about recording and mixing on a dare from a bandmate.  They were cutting their band's first record at the time, and were hoping to improve the process by becoming more knowledgeable.  Accepting this dare, Daniel began a course of action that led finding himself mentored by extremely renown producers, engineers and mixers in Montreal, New York and Los Angeles. Daniel, a music-obesessive of inexplicable proportions, became completely entranced with the all-encompassing art of working creatively with every instrument, and the entire spectrum of audible sound at once... A divine experience indeed.  It is this joy and fascination that Daniel brings to the music he is trusted to work on.  Having been on the artist's side of the glass for so long, he understands the frustration of ideas getting lot in translation.  He also understands the frustration that can come from paying big money for big names and big studios, only to find that the tradeoff comes in the form of shaky takes making the final cut, and insufficient attention to detail, resulting in an undercooked final product.  Daniel's unique experience recording and mixing in guerrilla fashion, yet attaining world-class results, means that by working with him, you are more likely to have a truly unique sounding record.  Whether you're trying to emulate a specific sound from the past, or try to avoid doing anything that's been done before, you are also getting someone who is a human encyclopedia of recorded music.  With his sense of engineering, musicianship and history, who knows what it is like to be an independent artist in 2016, Daniel is hoping to work with you, to not only realize your creative vision, but to push music forward, exploring boundaries in the process.